Hey,
guys,
welcome backs in this video.
We're going to see how we can affect cells.
Position Lee within a range.
Okay,
so what does that mean?
Well,
basically,
you can use the cells collection object to affect a certain cell within a range.
And what that means is that you can select a range of cells and you can say that you want
to put a certain value in the fifth cell for examples who put the value of 100 in the fifth
cell,
for example,
and you can make it in the sixth cell in the seventh cell in the 10th cell if this range
contains 10 cells or more.
Okay,
so how do we know what the fifth cell,
for example,
within a range is or how does excel determine that?
And how does the counting happen?
Does it happen from left to right or from top to bottom?
And let's say that you finished the cells within a line in a range or in a row and arrange
,
Do we make the cell below it the next cell?
Or do we start from the very left on the new row?
Or how does that happen?
Well,
basically,
how the counting works is that we start counting from left to right.
And then when we finish one row within a range with start counting the following cell from
the following grow with from the very left,
actually.
So this is how the counting work.
So we finished the cells in that row.
Let's say that the ranges from 81 to d seven,
for example.
So if we want to get the sixth cell,
for example,
so would count 1234 and then the fifth is actually sell a two.
And then it's Selby to basically this is the sick cell within that range.
Okay,
so let's have an example.
Basically,
you say I write sells eight.
Value is equal to 100.
Okay.
And when I write cells and then I write on Lee just eight between brackets.
What that means is that I'm actually counting eight cells starting from sell a one because
I'm actually selecting all the cells in the sheet,
and I'm starting to count.
Eight cells and the first cell in the Ch'tis actually sell a one.
So this is going to count.
12345678 So it's gonna be put in Sell H one basically.
And remember,
guys,
when we were speaking about how we can determine which member of the collection we select
or we deal with the beginning of the course and we actually put the example for sheets and
we were writing sheets a dot activate,
for example.
So we said that it will actually select the eighth sheet.
OK,
but the problem is that the sheets could change positions.
This is not a good way to select cheats,
but in case of the cells,
their cells will not change position.
So this is not going to cause an issue.
OK,
but anyways,
you probably won't do that for all the cells.
You probably do it in a search and range,
but this is just a example.
So,
actually,
what is gonna happen in this case is that it's gonna put the value of 100 in the eight cell
in the cells collection objects is gonna come.
12345678 So she run that you could see her that sell H one has acquired the value off 100.
Okay,
so let's have another example.
Let's say we write Range a 12 de 12 cells.
15 dot value is equal to 100.
Okay,
so where is range?
A 12 d 12.
This is actually range A 12 D 12.
So what that is going to do is that it's gonna put the value of 100 in the 15th cell within
the range.
So the 15th So it's gonna be 123456789 10 11 12 13 14 15.
So it's gonna be cell C four.
So if you run that,
you will see here that cell C four has acquired the value of 100.
Okay,
guys.
So this was how you can affect a cell within a range,
depending on its position.
So this is how you can deal with a certain cell within a range,
depending on its position?
I haven't needed to use that a lot,
but in case you need to use it or in case you read it in somebody else's code,
you be ableto understand what that means.
Okay.
So ah,
thanks,
guys watching.
And I'll see you on the next one